Translation corrections (#417)
07th-mod/higurashi-console-arcs: Update/ura_003.txt

//rそれを夏美自身の口から言ってもらえて、むしろありがたかった。
	if (GetGlobalFlag(GADVMode)) { OutputLineAll("", NULL, Line_ContinueAfterTyping); }
	OutputLine(NULL, "それを夏美自身の口から言ってもらえて、むしろありがたかった。",
			NULL, "If anything, I'm grateful Natsumi said it herself.", Line_Normal);
	ClearMessage();

//rさもなければ鈍い私は、自分の親友を傷つけ苦しめていたことに、きっと気づかないままでいたに決まってるから…。
	if (GetGlobalFlag(GADVMode)) { OutputLineAll("", NULL, Line_ContinueAfterTyping); }
	OutputLine(NULL, "さもなければ鈍い私は、自分の親友を傷つけ苦しめていたことに、きっと気づかないままでいたに決まってるから…。",

> 			NULL, "If she hadn't, I, being the dimwit I am, would never have realized that I was hurting my best friend...", Line_Normal);

Reviewer: ```suggestion
			NULL, "If she hadn't, being the dimwit I am, I would never have realized that I was hurting my best friend...", Line_Normal);
```

			NULL, "\"From now on, if there's anything bothering you, let's discuss it together.", Line_WaitForInput);
	ModPlayVoiceLS(4, 37, "ps3/s14/37/vt4bb_chisa1201", 256, TRUE);
	OutputLine(NULL, "お互いの行きすぎとか間違いとかも、思い切って言い合おう」",

> 			NULL, " If we feel like another's going too far or making mistakes, we'll tell it to their face.\"", Line_Normal);

Reviewer: ```suggestion
			NULL, " If we feel like one of us is going too far or making mistakes, we'll tell it to their face.\"", Line_Normal);
```
